foodcritic(1) -- lint tool for chef cookbooks
=============================================

## SYNOPSIS

`foodcritic` [<options>...] <cookbook>...

`foodcritic` [<options>...] --list


## DESCRIPTION

`foodcritic` makes it easier to flag problems in your Chef cookbooks that will
cause Chef to blow up when you attempt to converge.
This is about faster feedback.

Each `cookbook` path specified will be examined for common problems and
poor style.


## OPTIONS

 * `-t`, `--tags` <TAGS>:
   Only check against rules with the specified tags. Prefix
   tags with a tilde `~` to exclude rules.

 * `-l`, `--list`:
   Do not perform a lint check; instead simply list the 
   rules that would be enabled based on the defaults and 
   the rule selection options (-t, -I)

 * `-f`, `--epic-fail` <TAGS>:
   Exit non-zero if any of the specified tags are matched.
   Use the pseudo-tag `any` to fail if any tag is matched.

 * `-c`, `--chef-version` <VERSION>:
   Only check against rules valid for this version of Chef.

 * `-B`, `--cookbook-path`:
   Cookbook path(s) to check.

 * `-C`, `--`[`no-`]`context`:
   Show lines matched against rather than the default summary.

 * `-E`, `--environment-path`:
   Environment path(s) to check.

 * `-I`, `--include` <PATH>:
   Additional rule file path(s) to load.

 * `-R`, `--role-path`:
   Role path(s) to check.

 * `-S`, `--search-grammar` <PATH>:
   Specify grammar to use when validating search syntax.
   (Default: the grammar of any installed Chef)

 * `-V`, `--version`:
   Display the foodcritic version.

 * `-X`, `--exclude` <PATH>:
   Exclude path(s) from being linted.
   
 * '--config' <PATH>:
   Path to foodcritic.yml config file

## CONFIGURATION

Foodcritic will look for and load configuration files (must be named 'foodcritic.yml') in ascending order (i.e each overriding or appending the previous settings).
 * '~/.chef/foodcritic.yml'
 * './.chef/foodcritic.yml', '../.chef/foodcritic.yml', '../../.chef/foodcritic.yml', etc.
 * '<cookbook_path>/.chef/foodcritic.yml', '../<cookbook_path>/.chef/foodcritic.yml', '../../<cookbook_path>/.chef/foodcritic.yml', etc.
 * Path specified on the command line with the '--config <PATH>' option.  PATH can be path to foodcritic.yml file, or directory containing either foodcritic.yml or .chef/foodcritic.yml
 * Options specified on the command line.

Below is a sample config of all supported options, (NOTE: some of these are contradictory, this is not a recomended config, simply a demonstration of syntax).
Options match those described on the command line above.
Options listed with mulitple entries are cumulative (i.e. if the 'tags' option is set from multiple foodcritic.yml files and the command line, all tags listed will be incudedd).
Options with only one entry will take the last setting seen (command line being final).

```yaml
fail_tags:
  - FC048
  - FC016
  - correctness
tags:
  - FC018
  - ~FC019
  - ~style
include_rules:
  - <PATH to Rules>
  - <PATH2 to Rules>
role_paths:
  - <PATH to role directory>
  - <PATH2 to role directory>
environment_paths:
  - <PATH to environment directory>
  - <PATH2 to environment directory>
exclude_paths:
  - <PATH to exclude>
  - <PATH2 to exclude>
chef_version: <Chef version>
search_gramar: <PATH> 
context: <true/false>
search_gems: <true/false>
```

NOTE: <COOKBOOK DIR>/.foodcritic can also be used to list tags that should be run / excluded for a given cookbook.  This only applied to the 'tags' config setting.
```
- FC011
- recipe
- ~FC016

```

## RETURN VALUES

By default, `foodcritic` will always return `0`.

If `--epic-fail` is specified, then `foodcritic` will return `3` if any tags are matched.

## COPYRIGHT

`foodcritic` is Copyright 2011 by Andrew Crump.

## SEE ALSO

chef(1)
