### How can I prevent certain warnings from being shown?

You can include or exclude rules to apply using the `--tags` argument to
foodcritic. The tag expressions you can specify follow the same syntax as that
used in Cucumber - see the Cucumber wiki page below for details.

* [https://github.com/cucumber/cucumber/wiki/tags](https://github.com/cucumber/cucumber/wiki/tags)

For example if you don't care about `style` warnings you could run foodcritic
like so:

    $ foodcritic --tags ~style cookbooks

Each rule has an implicit tag so you can exclude individual rules by rule code:

    $ foodcritic --tags ~FC002 cookbooks

### How can I ignore a specific instance of a warning?

Occasionally, Foodcritic may throw up a false positive or you may decide that in one specific instance that rule should not be applied, when in the general case you do want warnings to be generated by that rule. You can tell Foodcritic to ignore the warning in this instance only by adding a special comment to the end of the violating line like so:

    include_recipe 'foo::bar' # ~FC007

### Foodcritic dies with 'cannot load such file -- readline (LoadError)'

This is because your current Ruby has not been installed with Readline. If you
are using RVM you can follow the instructions on the RVM site to resolve this:

* [http://beginrescueend.com/packages/readline/](http://beginrescueend.com/packages/readline/)

### I'm using foodcritic in my CI build or commit hook and I want it to fail if errors are shown

You can tell foodcritic which warnings you want it to fail the build on with the
`-f` option. See the [Failing the build](#failing_the_build) section for more
detail.
